Instructions to configure a trusted CA for OpenID requests (#386)
kiali/kiali.io: content/documentation/staging/configuration/authentication/openid.adoc

icon:bullhorn[size=1x]{nbsp} You should use self-signed certificates only for
testing purposes.

> However, if your organiation or internal network has a internal trusted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if your organization or internal network has an internal trusted
```

certificate authority (CA), and your OpenID server is using a certificate

> isued by this CA, you can configure Kiali to trust certificates from this CA,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issued by this CA, you can configure Kiali to trust certificates from this CA,
```
